README.md, before:

# bobwars
bobwars is a simple RTS game for getting a developer's hands dirty. After this, off to clone Age of Empires!
It's also based off of the "This is Bob" copy/pasta from when Google+ took over. Guess what the two civs are?

## Setting up
Clone the project to the desired location on your machine.
Make sure you have [SFML 2.4](http://www.sfml-dev.org/download/sfml/2.4.2/) in the project's root directory.

If you want to build the game without dynamic runtime library linking then you'll have to [build SFML yourself](http://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/index.php?topic=8158.msg54553#msg54553).

## Playing
While in the game, the WASD are used to control the main view, and the arrow keys are used to move selected units. Units can be created with the create button, and delete with the delete button or the DEL key. To select a unit, simply left click the desired unit. To deselect that unit, either click another unit or click something that is not a unit. 

The speed of the camera can be changed by holding down the Left-Shift Key.

---

## Built With
* [Simple and Fast Media Library (SFML)](http://www.sfml-dev.org) - The Graphics library used.
* some bits of the [Create Me Engine](https://github.com/roglew/CreateMeEngine)
* anyone who had their code copied from StackOverflow (indicated by comments in the source code)

Commit message:

added zoom functionality
and updated readme accordingly :D

README.md, after:

# bobwars
bobwars is a simple RTS game for getting a developer's hands dirty. After this, off to clone Age of Empires!
It's also based off of the "This is Bob" copy/pasta from when Google+ took over. Guess what the two civs are?

## Setting up
Clone the project to the desired location on your machine.
Make sure you have [SFML 2.4](http://www.sfml-dev.org/download/sfml/2.4.2/) in the project's root directory.

If you want to build the game without dynamic runtime library linking then you'll have to [build SFML yourself](http://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/index.php?topic=8158.msg54553#msg54553).

## Playing
While in the game, the WASD are used to control the main view, and the arrow keys are used to move selected units. Units can be created with the create button, and delete with the delete button or the DEL key. To select a unit, simply left click the desired unit. To deselect that unit, either click another unit or click something that is not a unit. 

The speed of the camera can be changed by holding down the Left-Shift Key.  
The zoom level of the camera can be changed with the middle mouse wheel.

---

## Built With
* [Simple and Fast Media Library (SFML)](http://www.sfml-dev.org) - The Graphics library used.
* some bits of the [Create Me Engine](https://github.com/roglew/CreateMeEngine)
* anyone who had their code copied from StackOverflow (indicated by comments in the source code)
